in addition to serving as host of the
show I also serve the state of
California as a TV judge I have my own
courtroom show on which I hear real
cases from real litigants we find in
small claims court litigants who for
some reason are willing to have their
cases heard by Judge James this is the
plaintiff Sandra Evans she claims the
pre-prom champagne party she hired the
defendant to throw for her daughter was
less than bubbly she's seeking $1,000 in
damages this is the defendant
Shawanda Turner she maintains she
delivered the party the plaintiff
requested and went above and beyond to
throw a spectacular senior soiree it's
the case of champagne in the ass
race your Ayhan what you are about to
witness is real the participants are not
actors they're actual litigants with a
case pending in civil court both parties
have agreed to drop their claims to have
their case decided here by Judge James
please rise for Josh James he said
please rise they were already standing
may be seated the litigants has been
swearing you honor
what the case is I think they've been
sworn in yes
oh thank you very much Sandra Evans yeah
you are suing Shawanda Turner and JJ
party-rental for $1,000 because you
claim she ruined the pre-prom champagne
party you hired her to throw for your
daughter marché yes you're asking for a
five hundred fifty dollars and fifty
cents for the cost of the party and four
hundred $49.50 for emotional distress
and lack of professionalism is that
correct yes mrs. Turner hello you claim
you went above and beyond to throw the
plaintiffs daughter a spectacular party
and she's doing this for the money
correct
tell us what happened the first day she
came she put up a tent and she put up
drapes in my garage
mm-hmm she took some satin sheets that
she draped to graduate out of a trash
bag and I was like this is not
acceptable so that extra are you gonna
take the wrinkles out she told me that's
the look and just kept on walking do we
have any photographs yes I have photos
yeah you see the wrinkles here but I
also see creases in the material itself
were you unable to iron those out they
don't come out Your Honor they do not
come out that's the design of that
particular material all right me Your
Honor yes the whole thing was tacky the
whole decoration site was attacked also
I want to ask about this photograph
what's going on here she was mad when
she came outside and saw everything this
is a photograph of you angry yes until
you want to take that pictures to
capture that moment and I can see that
you got your hand in the air and you're
waving it around like you do care not
like you just don't care yes yes tell me
about this party what is a pre-prom
champagne party it's the party before
you go off to prom so that you could
show off your dress and just take
pictures in hell with your family free
they send you off basically to your
friends come to this party ID drink
champagne
I ordered apple cider for her too what
her name's on with her name's on the
little bottles and everything like that
and instead of her bringing me apples
how did she brought me pick peach cider
and was that disappointing to you that
you had peach cider instead of apple
cider we asked toward that certain drink
and she brought something different
I asked who are you I'm her step father
step falling the robber at the pre-prom
party yes I was did you drink the cider
no I didn't drink a cider would you have
been disappointed if you found out that
it was peach cider and not the apple
cider well if I pacifically say apple
and I'm paying for it I should get Apple
did this cause you any emotional
distress when I got there and I seen it
it was horrible I mean I started
laughing because I give her a hard time
she said with $600 it looked like $6
ridiculous do you feel miss Turner
that the party was what you promised yes
it was over and beyond what I promised
it was what you promised did you
indicate that you were unhappy to the
defendant yes I did she came with the
blows they're very displayed it and she
had a big huge where the loons displayed
it you know they did look dusty in dirt
did you have something you want to add
to this my name is Shay I've been a
client of Shawanda s for the last four
years I use her for all of my children's
event and also my daughter's prom last
year would you say you loved her um
you're on girl I think she is a very
professional you didn't actually
question would you say you love her no
your honor
Oh relationship is professional excuse
me your honor
yes but that's not what you asked it
she's like avoid me friend
let's talk about the emotional distress
here is this well how did you arrive at
the figure of 400 $49.50 for emotional
distress I had to clean a lot of things
that she did bring to me I did a lot of
work I was already stressed out from
being um you were emotionally distressed
out yes I was just stressed out and did
my my daughter was very upset about it
this is this is a very important day to
us
so you weren't quite emotionally
distressed to the point of $450 but you
were to 400 $49.50 yeah half the net tie
ball I'll be right back with my ruling
will Judge James pin a corsage on the
plaintiff or does he find the defendants
testimony to be Just Peachy and will
this witness give her admitted true
feelings about the defendant
Judge James verdict when we return we
are in the middle of a pretty hot case
right now so we take you back to the
courtroom for my final verdict in
tonight's prom themed edition of Judge
James
whisper third third place the pre-prom
party was a pre problem this party
planner promises it was professional and
this picture is pretty perfect Judge
James is about to rule let's listen all
right
for Josh James he's coming back from the
restroom I was in my chambers not the
restaurant oh yeah thank you Miss Turner
may I see the photos you showed MS Evans
before you were hired can I take it to
the Josh chicken may I look through
these okay your honor
who's this naked person should be no one
on that phone so there are no
photographs of the satin fabric here I
will say I looked it up and that fabric
hold on you know everybody can sit on
forgot oh yeah sorry don't ever
interrupt your honor again you'll find
yourself deep within the prison cell
okay okay okay thank you salaries the
material that was used in the backdrop
is called crinkled fabric it's it is
supposed to be crinkled I don't think
it's supposed to have a fold going
through the middle of it but that is the
look I did verify that using the world
wide web slash internet I understand why
you were unhappy with some parts of the
party I think the defendant did deliver
most of what she promised I'm going to
rule in partial favor of the plaintiff
in the amount of 100 $38.50 and that is
not a typo all right let's go so the
case of broken pre promises has
concluded Judge James has rendered his
verdict let's talk to the plaintiffs
how are you how did that go for you you
happy with the decision not really that
felt this she deserved to pay more
because she didn't do the job that out I
asked her to do I see now very crucial
element of the trial came down to
whether or not you could tell the
difference between an apple and a peach
do you believe you can yes okay I'm
gonna put you to the test hold on one
second you can hold that and put this on
this blindfold all right I'm gonna give
you one and then the other you can't see
right okay here is one don't touch it
good good that's one all right tell me
which was which Apple damn peach Apple
and peach she's good she's really good
thank you we gonna um please leave that
on the bailiff will help you out thank
you and you may have these I'll take
this back all right
on the next judge James we paid the
defendant three thousand two hundred
thirty nine dollars for to Louis Vuitton
handbags
I have no purses in a wallet cell and
how have you been carrying your things I
have another person to have another
purse yes is this correct
March did you just say parsh yeah get in
fade up please don't use language like
that in my court again or I'll have you
destroyed do you love clicking buttons
and subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy